OSDOCS-6510: remove dual stack and secondary gateway interface (#61255)
openshift/openshift-docs: _unused_topics/microshift-nodeport-unreachable-workaround.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * module may be unused in 4.13

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-nodeport-unreachable-workaround_{context}"]
= Manually restarting the `ovnkube-master` pod to resume node port traffic

After you install {product-title}, NodePort service traffic might stop. To troubleshoot this issue, manually restart the `ovnkube-master` pod in the `openshift-ovn-kubernetes` namespace.

.Prerequisites

* The OpenShift CLI (`oc`) is installed.
* A cluster installed on infrastructure configured with the Open Virtual Network (OVN)-Kubernetes network plugin.
* Access to the `kubeconfig` file.
* The KUBECONFIG environment variable is set.

.Procedure

> Run the commands listed in each step that follows to restore the `NodePort` service traffic after you install{product-title}:

Reviewer: Per the Modular documentation guidelines, the "Procedure" section should only contain the steps. You can remove this sentence which repeats what is in the procedure introduction.

> . Find the name of the ovn-master pod that you want to restart by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Find the name of the `ovn-master` pod that you want to restart by running the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ pod=$(oc get pods -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes | grep ovnkube-master | awk -F " " '{print $1}')
----

> . Force a restart of the of the ovnkube-master pod by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Force a restart of the of the `ovnkube-master` pod by running the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes delete pod $pod
----

> . Optional: To confirm that the ovnkube-master pod restarted, run the following command:

Reviewer: Suggest moving steps 3 and 4 under a `.Verification` heading

> . Optional: To confirm that the ovnkube-master pod restarted, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To confirm that the `ovnkube-master` pod has restarted, run the following command:
```

+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes
----

> If the pod restarted, the listing of the running pods shows a different ovnkube-master pod name and age consistent with the procedure you just completed.

Reviewer: Should you include an Example output here?

> If the pod restarted, the listing of the running pods shows a different ovnkube-master pod name and age consistent with the procedure you just completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
If the pod has restarted, the list of running pods shows the `ovnkube-master` pod name and age consistent with the procedure you just completed.
```

> . Verify that the `NodePort` service can now be reached.

Reviewer: Is there an example command that can go here?
